Mr. Heckles.

How did this happen?

He musta been sweepin'. They found a broom in his hand.

That's terrible.

I know. I was sweepin' yesterday. It coulda been me.

Sure, sweepin'. You never know.

You never know.

Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!

Ok, Phoebe.

I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.

Such as?

Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?

Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?

Nah. Not really.

You don't believe in evolution?

I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.

Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?

Yeah, I just don't buy it.

Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.

Ok, don't get me started on gravity.

You uh, you don't believe in gravity?

Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.

Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.

There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.

What can we do for you?

All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine".

Well, what about his family?

He didn't have any.

Ok, so let's talk money.

All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.

How can you not believe in evolution?

Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!

Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.

Really? You can actually see it?

You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.

See, I didn't know that.

Well, there you go.

Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?

Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."

Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.

April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.

Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.

Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.

What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.

It doesn't go with any of my stuff.

Well, what about my stuff?

You don't have any stuff.

You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?

No.

Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.

Mmmmm.

Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.

Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?

Maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts.

Please tell me you're joking.

Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.

No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--

What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.

Is there blood coming out of my ears?

Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?

What?

Hide the Lamp.

Monica, let it go.

Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?

Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.

Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.

Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.

Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.

It's the only possibility, Phoebe.

Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?

There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.

I can't believe you caved.

What?

You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?

