Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.

Ok.

I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget.

Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?

What's up?

F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.

But what about Phoebe?

Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.

Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.

Uh--

Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?

Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.

You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?

It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.

No, I got him.

No, seriously.

Oh, seriously you want him?

Hello.

Hello.

And who is this little cutie pie?

Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?

You wanna smell him?

I assume we're talking about the baby now.

Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.

I think my uterus just skipped a beat.

What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?

I think it's great you guys are doing this.

Well, we are great guys.

You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?

Hey.

Oh, hi.

Here. I thought you might be cold.

Thank you.

Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.

Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.

Do you?

No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.

Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!

It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.

Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat".

Really? From who?

Well, from me. And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite.

Hi. Uh, did I accidentally drop a condom in your case? It's kind of an emergency.

Yeah. Here you go.

Thanks a lot. Hey Christine, I got it!

