Oh Drake.

I'm sorry Amber. It's just like Brad to have to have the last word.

I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?

We, we just wanna see the end.

I want you Drake.

I know you do but you and I can never be together that way.

What?

There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother.

So what happens next?

Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.

God that is good TV.

Phoebs, play with meeee.

No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.

Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.

Why don't you play with your roommate?

Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.

Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?

No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.

Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?

We don't need to remedy that.

Oh yeah, it'll be fun.

What was that?

Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.

Yeah alright, that sounds alright.

Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.

That was so lame.

I know, yeah. Ok, talk to him.

So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?

That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who?

What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.

That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...

Well it's not Sean Penn.

Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?

And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.

Phoebe's got another job, right?

Great set tonight Phoebs.

I know.

Well, we should probably get going.

Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the moring.

Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.

I don't know, I don't have my jammies.

Well, maybe you don't need them.

My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.

Shut up, I'm happy.

Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.

Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.

Ok.

Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.

Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.

Phoebe's dead.

Hi.

Hi.

I'm looking for Eddie Minowick.

Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?

Thanks.

Oh, oh, c'mon in.

I'm Tilly.

Oh.

I gather by that oh that he told you about me.

Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.

He's kind of intense huh?

Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...

A little what?

Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie.

Hello Tilly.

Eddie, I just came by to drop off your tank.

That's very thoughtful of you. It's very thougtful.

Well, ok then. I'm gonna go. Bye.

Bye-bye.

Bye.

So, we gettin' a fish?

You had sex with her didn't you?

Phoebs, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out.

Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.

Page 42, page 42, page 42.

Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.

Ooh, I look good.

Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?

Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'

Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?

Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?

I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft?

Uhh, I don't know, I just bring the scripts.

They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son.

Right. Could you sign this?

No. No way, I'm not signing that.

I don't think that's gonna affect the plot of the show.

How can they do this to me?

Er, uh, I'm just gonna go. Sorry.

Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.

Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.

G'night.

Night Richard. Good luck Mon.

Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.

Two.

Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?

Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.

Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.

Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.

Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark.

Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.

Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?

Uhhhooo.

C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.

Well, there's you.

Better not be doin' these in order.

Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.

Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.

Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.

Really?

Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.

Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.

That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.

This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.

Where's Buddy?

Buddy?

My fish, Buddy.

There was no fish when she dropped it off.

Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?

Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?

C'mon.

Joey.

Open up. We want to talk to you.

I don't feel like talkin.

Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.

We're worried about you.

And some of us really have to pee.

Sorry Joey

Hey.

Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.

We came over as soon as we saw.

How could you not tell us?

I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.

Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.

Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.

But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.

Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.

Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.

Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.

It's gonna be ok. You know that?

No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.

I'm sorry man.

Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.

No, that means nothin to me.

Uhhhaahh.

Pecan sandy, just made em.

Yeah alright. What're these, raisins?

Uh, sure, why not.

Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?

I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.

Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.

What's you point man?

Ok, good night. You big freak of nature.

Hey.

Hey.

Hey.

Ohh, brisk tonight.

Oh man.

Let's never speak of this.

You got it.

