Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?

'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.

Ok honey, you really need a job.

Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.

Really.

Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there.

On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.

No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.

Ahh.

And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.

His indian name?

No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so.

Freakish.

Wow.

Freaky.

Weird, weird.

Ok, so uh, who wants the last hamburger?

Oh, alright, that's it, now I have to go see him.

Why?

Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist.

Man, I am so beat.

Oh yeah.

Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here?

Yeah alright.

Hey you're in our seats.

Oh, sorry we didn't know.

Hey, we were sitting there.

Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it?

Is that supposed to be funny?

No actually, I was just going for colorful.

What's with this guy?

What's with you?

Uh, nothing, nothing's with him. Enjoy your coffee.

What just happened?

I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that I, I took your hat.

That, that is funny. Can I have it back?

No.

No?

No.

Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, just give him back the hat.

Why should we?

Because it's a special hat. See he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...

Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?

You got a problem with that?

No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.

See, didn't I tell ya these pillows would be a good idea?

Oh God, here we go. For the first time in my life I'm gonna say 'Hi birthfather'.

We love you, we're here for you.

Yeah good luck, good luck.

Thanks.

Hey Rach, you uh, you want some sandwich?

Ohh, what is in that?

Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.

No no, 'cause mayo, that would make it gross.

Hey, hey, no, oh oh.

Run Phoebe run.

No no no, doggie please. Oh, I do so wanna love all animals, please no.

Get him a bone, get a bone. You gotta bone?

Are you kidding me?

Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. Ok, alright, we have a problem.

Well why don't you just reach out and take his trampoline.

Ok, here, I know what we can do.

Hey, hey, hey no.

Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?

Well if he's not gonna eat it, I will.

Are you crazy?

Phoebs, he's just a little dog. Ahhh.

Hey Phoeb's, I think you're good to go.

Yeah, I don't know.

What's the matter?

I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.

Yeah Phoebe, I completely understand.

Yeah, whatever you need. Hey, you wanna go home?

Ok, thanks. Sorry, again

What was that?

Uhh, I'm guessing the threshold's clear now.

Your cappucino sir.

Thank you.

Ya know I think this is much better than the coffee house.

Absolutely.

How come it's not mixing with the water?

Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.

Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.

Ok.

No.

No?

No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.

Alright, hang on a second there Custer.

Yeah really, Ross, have you ever been beaten up before?

Yeah, sure.

By someone besides Monica?

No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.

Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.

I need to borrow a hundred bucks.

What?

Hi, welcome home. I need to borrow a hundred bucks.

For what?

I've gotta get back in the game.

Why, when did you get out of the game?

I don't know, I lost it all ok. I lost it.

Oh no.

Hey, I've come to terms with it, you have to too.

Ok. Look uhh, Mon I'm, I'm really sorry.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, where are we on the hundred bucks?

I, I don't have it.

But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing and the costumes. I don't wanna have to wear flame retardant boobs.

Nobody does honey.

God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked butt.

Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.

Yeah he was wasn't he.

Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.

Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.

So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here?

We're ok.

Alright.

Ok so, can I have my hat back?

No.

Huh.

Look at her.

Hi Monica.

He-he-he, how's it goin'?

Hey nice boobs.

Guys guys, check this out.

Excellent.

