And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.

Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.

Does anybody need anything?

Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.

That is so unfair.

I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.

Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.

You're blowin' me off for a monkey?

Hey, we can rescedule for Saturday.

Yeah, unless you hook up with a bunch of pigeons.

Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.

Stick a fork what?

Like, when you're cooking a steak.

Oh, OK, I don't eat meat.

Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?

Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.

OK, then, eat me, I'm done.

I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'

What did you say?

Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?

Oh, you just know.

Oh, shoot, we gotta go, got a reservation in 30 minutes.

Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.

Oh, 200 seconds of passion. We gotta go.

But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's underwear?

Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.

Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.

You want me to wear your panties?

Could ya?

Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.

OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.

Oooh.

With mealworms.

Yaaahhh. Ahhh, candles. What'dya thinks gonna happen here tonight?

Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.

I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? Can you beat up that guy?

Sure.

This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.

Normally, I would not do it.

Well, what made you make the exception for me?

'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a threesome with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...

Say you're sorry.

No.

Say it.

No.

Rachel, you say you're sorry or your sweater gets it.

OK, OK, that is my favorite sweater, that is my third date sweater.

Say you're sorry.

OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play.

What're you gonna do?

You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara.

You don't have the guts.

Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.

Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?

Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves.

I'll help you fix your sweater.

I'll help you throw out your purse.

I'm sorry that I made you stop seeing him.

Well, I'm sorry I went out with him when I knew you liked him.

I'm sorry that I borrowed your gloves

Joey?

Ma?

Joey!

Chandler? What're you still doin' here, I though you guys took off.

Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.

Are you naked in there?

Not exactly. . . I'm wearin panties.

Huh, you uh, you always wear panties?

No, no, this is the first time.

Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try panties and someone walks off with your clothes.

I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.

Well, let me see.

No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever.

Alright, alright. Woah, someone's flossing.

Joey, some people don't like that.

Chandler's wearing panties.

What? Let me see.

No, no, you don't have to see.

Hi Tushie.

Alright, one of you give me your underpants.

Can't help you, I'm not wearing any.

How can you not be wearing any underwear?

Oh, I'm gettin' heat from the guy in the hot pink thong.

Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants.

Hi.

Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you?

I'm almost done with it, keep your panties on.

Hey, hey, and I'm in the movie.

What happened?

One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.

Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.

Oh my God.

What?

I'm sorry it didn't work out between you and me, or you and me. Drew was very disappointed.

OK, well, bye.

Goodbye.

Well, bye for me too.

OK, well, bye-bye again.

OK.

Perhaps, uh, the three of us, just could. . .

Oh, no no no no no.

Are you sure, I can crush a walnut with my butt.

No no no no.

Impressive.

But no. Maybe if I were baking.

Bye-bye.

Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.

You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.

Oh yeah.

Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?

How long you been waitin' to say that?

About 20 minutes. CLOSING CREDITS

Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.

Aaaaagggghhhhh.

Cut.

Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.

Aaaaagggghhhhh.

Cut.

Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.

Aaaaagggghhhhh. Mommy

Cut.

Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dead.

