Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?

Nothin' roomie, just watchin' you sleep.

Why?

Makes me feel um, peaceful, heh-heh, please.

I can't sleep now.

You want me to sing?

No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.

Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.

Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.

No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?

I didn't realize that.

Yeah.

GET OUT NOW!!

Ok, you really want me out?

Yes please.

Ok, then I want to hear you say it, I, I want to hear you say you want me out.

I want you out.

No no no, I wanna hear it from your lips.

Where did you hear it from before?

Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow.

I heard that.

Don't worry about it already. Things happen.

So, you're not mad at me for getting fired and everything?

Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?

No, can we get back to me?

Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an audition for Another World.

Alright. Cab driver number two?

You're welcome.

But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?

Things change, roll with em.

But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.

Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.

I'm sorry. See ya.

Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.

Isn't it.

Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.

I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.

Hey you guys.

Hey.

Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.

NO!

No?

No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?

Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.

No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.

You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?

Excuse me, your, your, your wind?

Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?

You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.

Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.

Um-um, um-um.

You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!

Hey pal.

Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?

Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!

Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?

Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.

Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?

Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!

Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...

Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?

Your last roommate's kidney?

That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.

Hey Gunther, let me get a lemonade to go.

Lemonade? You ok man?

Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.

Oh, that's too bad. How'd they do it?

I fell down an elevator shaft.

That sucks. I was buried in an avalanche.

What?

I used to be Bryce on All My Children.

Daaahhhh!

Aaahhhhhhh! Aaahhhh!

Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.

I wa-

Uuuh.

Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.

Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.

What?

You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!

You, you want, you want me to move out?

Uh-huh.

I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?

This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.

Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!

You want some help.

No help required Chico.

All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks.

Excuse me, that's 50 bucks.

What?

Five oh dollars.

Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.

That's great.

And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.

Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.

No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.

Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.

And I would have to say pah-huh.

What?

Do you not remember the puppet guy?

Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.

And his puppet too.

Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.

Who?

Paul.

Oh.

Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.

Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.

Not uh, not to my recollection.

Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.

Only 'cause you took up half the circle.

Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.

Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.

One hour? You are such a leaf blower.

May I help you?

Why doesn't my key work and what's all my stuff doin' downstairs?

Well, I'm, I'm sorry... Ahhh. Have we met?

It's Eddie you freak, your roommate.

I, I'm sorry, I uh I already have a roommate.

Hello.

Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.

No he, he moved out and I moved in.

Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.

I know I would.

Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.

Hey no problem.

See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?

Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...

Welcome home man.

A little foos?

Absolutely.

What happened to the foosball?

Ah that's a cantelope.

Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?

He paid a lot of money for it.

I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?

Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.

So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.

