Hey.

Hey. Hold on a second. Huh?

Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.

What's this?

Eight hundred and twelve bucks.

Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?

Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.

Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.

Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me.

Wow, I don't know what to say. Wow, I, I don't know what to say.

Heh, what d'ya say?

I don't know. It's a bracelet.

Isn't it? And it's engraved too, check it out.

To my best bud. Thanks best bud.

Put it on.

Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.

Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. You put this on, you're good to go. Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.

I so am.

You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?

Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.

Well, this all looks good.

Great.

And if I want to call for a reference on your last job?

Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.

Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.

A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.

No, just a salad will be fine.

You got it.

Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.

Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.

Uh-huh. Is it dirty?

Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.

Don't, I like it dirty.

That's your call.

So, uh, what are you going to do next?

Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.

Are they, uh, firm?

They'r alright.

You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?

No really, they're OK.

You gonna slice them up real nice?

Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.

Aaaahhhhhhh.

I'm outa here.

Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?

Oh, some guy she met at the movies.

Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?

Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.

I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.

Hang in there, it's gonna happen.

Wha, OK, now how do you know that?

Because she's your lobster.

Oh, she's goin' somewhere.

C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .

Hey, you feelin' better?

Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.

So, do you have any other possibilities?

Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.

Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.

No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.

Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.

Ya know, the man's got a point.

What is that sparkly thing?

That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.

No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.

Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.

Hi.

Hi.

Hi darling.

So, what's this.

Some of your old stuff.

Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.

Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?

Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.

Oh, God forbid.

Oh, hi Rachel.

Hi.

Oh, we were so sorry to hear about your parents splitting up, dear.

Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see.

Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.

What, what incident?

Uhh, naa, no no no, I, I must be thinking of someone else, uh, maybe me. Don't you have some folding to do? Go fold dear. Fold. You fold.

Do you want a refill?

No, I'm alright, thanks.

OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.

I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.

I'm Gail.

Chandler.

I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.

What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.

It's not that bad.

Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.

Chandler, Chandler.

I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.

Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.

If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.

Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?

Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?

OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.

You know what the. . .

I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .

You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.

Hey guys.

Hi, darling. Where's my grandson, you didn't bring him?

No, he's at uh, Carol's and Susan's today.

A woman in my office is a lesiban. I'm just saying.

Oh, Jack look, there's that house paint commercial that cracks you up.

Where have you been?

Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?

No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.

C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.

Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.

Why?

Because they made me.

You were fired? What're you gonna do?

Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?

In the bank.

There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it.

Anything larger back there?

I can't believe it.

Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.

Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.

Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?

Hey now you have two. Oh, now you have two.

What am I gonna do, huh?

Hey.

Hey.

How come you have two?

Well this one's for you.

Get out.

No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.

Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.

That's what they'll call us.

Dance with him.

Mom, I'm hungry.

Dance with your father.

I may not know any of your flash dances but I'm no slouch on the dance floor.

Alright.

Oh, Jack.

Oh, Judy. Oh, Judy.

Oh, ohhhhh.

