So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd poach a salmon.

Ohhh.

What?

Question. Why do we always have to have parties where you poach things?

You wanna be in charge of the food committee?

Question two. Why do we always have to have parties with committees?

Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?

Yeah.

Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.

Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.

Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See honk honk.

Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns.

I talked to Rachel's sisters, neither of them can come.

Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.

Woah, woah, woah, uh, no Shannon Cooper.

Why not her?

Cause she uh, she steals stuff.

Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.

Joey that is horriable.

Hey I liked her, alright. Maybe, maybe too much. I don't know I guess I just got scared.

I'm sorry, I didn't know.

I didn't think anyone'd buy that, ok.

Hi honey, how did it go?

Agh, it was the graduation from hell.

Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.

Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.

So what happened?

My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.

Ok, so I guess we don't invite her parents.

Well, how bout just her mom?

Why her mom?

Cause I already invited her.

Ooh, ooh, did you ask Stacy Roth?

Oh no, can't invite her. She also steals.

Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.

This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?

Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.

Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.

Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?

It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...

I, I know.

Ok, thanks for coming, I hope you guys had fun.

Alright, Monica dear, I'm gonna hit the road. Now I've left my 10 verbs on the table. And you be sure and send me that finished poem.

Ok will do. So glad you came.

I think I saw Rachel out in the hall.

Ok, let me go check. Your mom want's to say goodbye.

Oh ok.

Happy birthday sweetie.

Ok.

Ahh, you drive safe.

Ross, what're you doing.

I'm getting ready for the water skiing. How are you doing?

Well, uh, Dr. Greene, where are you going?

To get my coat.

No no no.

Alright, alright, I can get my own coat.

Sorry, we're on a major flan high.

Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.

I have to be heading to my chateau, thank you.

Oh all right, then I guess we're going back into the hallway.

Thanks for coming Mrs. Greene. Well, ok, you take care.

Oh, you kids Well, this is the best party I've been to in years.

Thank you.

Ok everybody, it's time for flan.

Yup, get ready for the gelatenous fun.

Kinda looks like that stuff you get when you get a bad infection.

Ok, that's enough.

Ok Rachel, make a special flan wish.

Ok, I've got one. Wow, those things almost never come true.

