Okay, pick a card, any card. All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?

Um-mm.

All right, give it back to me. 5 of hearts.

Real magic does exist.

Wow.

Wow. Joey, how do you do it?

I can't tell you that, no.

Ah, somebody's at the door on the ceiling.

Noo, that's our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.

He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.

Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'

I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.

Ooh, that is silly. I'll go up there, I'll tell him to keep it down.

All right, be my guest.

Good luck.

All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.

Oh, I got it.

Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .

Whoa, you are very beautiful.

Oh, thank you.

Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?

Honey, what's the matter?

I just saw Janice.

Oh.

Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.

Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.

Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.

Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....

Hey Chandler, there's a party tomorrow, you'll feel better then.

Oh, y'know what, I'm gonna be okay, you don't have to throw a party for me.

It's Joey's birthday.

Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.

Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.

Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.

How's that coffee comin,' dear?

Yeah, right away Mr. Kaplan.

I'm not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.

I know!

I'll bet your thinking, 'What's an intelligent girl who wants to be in fashion, doing making coffee?' Eh?

Op.

Eh.

Oh, you got me.

Well, don't think I haven't noticed your potential. Well, I've got a project for you that's a lot more related to fashion. How does that sound?

Oh, that sounds great.

Come on over here, sweetheart.

Oh thank you so much Mr. Kaplan, thank you so much.

I need these hangers separated ASAP. You're welcome.

Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.

I know honey, I'm sorry.

Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.

Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!

Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.

Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?

I'm sorry, I wa, I wa, I was just ah....

It's not funny, this is actually my job.

Oh believe me, I-I-I've been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.

Oh well then, so I'm just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.

Ah, just one other thing.

Yes?!

I ah, I work at Bloomingdale's and I might know of a job possibility if your, if your interested?

Do you want my pickle?

So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?

Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.

How ya feelin'?

Well, my apartment isn't there anymore, because I drank it.

Where'd you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.

Yeah.

Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.

Woooo hoooo!!!

Ow, no 'woo-hooing,' no 'woo-hooing.'

Why, what happened?

Ah, I fooled around with Joey's sister. Well, that's not the worst part.

What is the worse part?

I can't remember which sister.

You see what men do! Don't tell me men are not nice! This is men!!

Did he call? Did Mark call?

No honey, I'm sorry, but the weekend's not over yet.

Oh. Oh my God, is that Phoebe?

I guess they're back from their date.

Music. Very nice.

Oh my God!

So, how are you?

I am good. I finished my book.

Oh yeah, what's it about?

I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?

Yeah, I do.

Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?

Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.

All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.

What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?

Where in Cuba?

Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?

Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?

I'm here to see Mary-Angela.

You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.

Where's Mary-Angela?

She's right in there.

Hey, Chandler!

Hey!

Hi!

What are you doing here?

Ah y'know, this building is on my paper route so I...

Oh.

Hi.

Hi.

How'd did it go?

Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.

I'm so proud of you.

Me too!

Listen, I'm ah, I'm sorry I've been so crazy and jealous and, it's just that I like you a lot, so...

I know.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Rachel?

Yeah. Hi Mark!

Hi. I just talked to Joanna, and she loves you. You got it, you got the job.

Oh, I did!

Yes.

Oh my God!!

Congratu!! -lations-lations.

So ah, Phoebe, how was your date?

Oh well y'know.

Yeah, I do know.

Ick, you were eavesdropping.

Eavesdropping. Pheebs, the ceiling tiles were falling down.

Oh, I'm sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.

Maybe he's just jumping on a pogo-stick and really likes it?

Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?

All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! But, is he a big guy?

Ah, we'll all go. Come on.

Thanks you guys! Thank you.

Don't worry.

God, I hope they kick his ass!

Honey, I'm sorry.

Y'know if it's any consolation, he really did sound like he was having more fun with you.

May I help you?

