I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.

You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?

Is this about Mark?

Oh my God.

Okay, it's not, it's not.

Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.

Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something..

No. A break from us.

Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.

I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?

Hey, what do you want to drink?

Who's that?

Nobody.

Is that Mark?

Umm, honey, look he just came over to....

Yeah! Got it!

Hey.

Hey.

How's the big anniversary dinner?

Well, we never actually got to dinner.

Ohhh, nice.

No, we kinda broke up instead.

What?!

God, Monica it's on the ceiling.

That's okay, this is more important than fruit on my ceiling! You broke up?!

Yeah, but it's okay, because when Ross left Mark came over.

Oh no!!

No.

Rachel, you and Mark?!

No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.

Hey!

Hey.

Hey, why are you mopping your ceiling?

Oh, there's banana on it.

Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.

So then you know?

The mailman was downstairs, so I brought up your mail.

Oh, good. Thanks.

Now what is Fabutec?

Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....

Waxine!!

Yes! Have you seen it?

Oh, it's incredible! I so want to be a Waxine girl.

I know!!

God. Do think it really doesn't hurt? 'Cause how can they do that?

Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!

They have the best stuff in there.

Oh my God! Oh my God!

Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?

You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.

Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?

What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?

Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.

He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.

Yeah, and there won't be a relationship left to rebuild.

Yeah, but don't you think....

All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.

Yeah, okay.

All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. Did you think about the trail?

What trail?

The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! You always have to think about the trail!

Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.

Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!

After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,

Did that!

Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.

Okay. Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!

Was it not pain-free?

No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.

Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.

That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.

Ow-ow-ow-ow! Oh my God!!!

Now, are you glad we didn't start with the bikini strips?

Jasmine?

Uh-huh.

We met at Phoebe's birthday party, I'm, I'm Ross Geller.

You did a bad thing!

Yes, I did.

Very bad!

Very bad.

Very, very bad.

I'm agreeing with you. Did you, listen, did you happen to tell Phoebe yet?

No.

Okay, Jasmine, please, please don't. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?

All right.

Thank you, thank you.

But you should probably talk to my roommate, because I told him and he knows Phoebe too.

Who's your roommate?

They've been quiet for a long time.

Maybe she killed him?

Let's go.

Is that your new walk?

No, I really have to pee.

