Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!

Wait. Really?! 'Cause mine get me out of tickets.

Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.

Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.

Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!

It'll be great for next weekend.

No, no, no, this weekend guys!

It'll be great for next weekend. I mean, it'll be grrreat.

What's going on?

Well, we were um, sorta invited to go skiing, y'know Rachel's sister's cabin.

So, for the whole weekend?

We're really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.

Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.

Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.

Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.

Noo! I'll stay. He's my brother.

What a pity stay?

No! We're gonna have fun. We can make fudge!

Pity food? Y'know what that's okay, all right, I don't need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.

Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.

Hey, does anybody else feel bad about Ross?

Why? Do you think he's still mad at us?

Well he's probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.

What? Mine aren't tinted.

Chandler!!

What?

What does the sign say?

Beam me up Jesus.

No, the 'No Smoking' sign. There's no smoking in my Grandmother's cab.

Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom.

Oh!

Please!

No Chandler no! No unscheduled stops. You can go when we stop for gas.

Oh, come on, there's a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.

Oh, now I have to go!!

Here we go. Okay, brace yourselves.

What?

Okay.

Ow!

Aren't you gonna go?

No. Thank you.

No, Rachel never pees in public restrooms.

Well, they never have any paper in there y'know. So my rule is 'no tissue, no tuschy.' Well, if everybody's going.

No, y'know what don't close it 'cause the... keys...are in there.

Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no!!

What's going on?

My lighter's in there!

Hi!

Hey.

Hey, what are you doing here?

Well, oh just ah, I was just wondering, when you and I split up, did you get the tape that was half the last episode of M*A*S*H and half the hostages coming home?

Ah yeah, but now it's Susan and me in Mexico and the hostages coming home.

Where's Ben?

He's sleeping.

Ahh. Ooh, is this a ah, is this a bad time?

Umm, yeah, actually, Susan's gonna be home any minute, it's kinda an anniversary.

Oh! I thought you guys got married in uh, January?

It's not that kind of anniversary.

Ah! Oh.

Sooo!! Anyway...

Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.

Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.

Yeah, well.

Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?

Oh yeah, I'd love that.

Oh, great! Me too.

I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.

Okay, yeah. Triple A can pick us up.

Great!

Yeah, what town are we near?

Freemont. West-Westmont, ah Westburg?

Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?

Yeah, we are definitely on Route 27.

Okay. We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. There is no Route 27. Okay, either 93 or 76?

I don't know, I'm sorry, I always slept in the back when we drove up here.

Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.

Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.

Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.

No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!

But if...

No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.

Oh good, oh Joey and Chandler are back.

So the going for help went well?

Oh yeah, Smokey Joe here got half way to the highway and collapsed.

I have the lung capacity of a two year old.

Then why are you smoking?

Well it's very unsettling.

....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.

Ah, Susan will be so pleased.

717? Where's 717? Hey, you've have more of these for Susan right?

No. But it's okay, I'll just put out pickles or something.

Ross, thank God.

Pheebs? What, why are you whispering?

I ate a bug.

Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let's stock up.

Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don't know where we are, so we can't get a tow truck.

Oh, now you want a favour?

Yes, please.

Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?

Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.

No, I'm not gonna pick them up.

Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.

No, Rachel doesn't want me to....

Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.

Yeah, you're right.

Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something. What? You slept with someone else?!

We were on a break!!! Okay!! We were, we were..., yeah. Where are you? I'll find you.

You slept with another woman?

Oh, you-you're-you're one to talk.

Ugh. Ross!

Hi! Sorry I'm late. Were you sleeping?

Ahh, nooo!!

Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, 'cause that's not where you want to skimp.

You're a genius, Ross.

Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?

Okay, I'll pay you tomorrow.

Okay.

Okay, bye!!

So they ah, they all took off, it was pretty hard watching them go, y'know?

Yeah, okay, bye.

So I'm gonna take off then!

