She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, he's really good looking. What am I gonna do?

Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud.

Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical?

I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.

It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.

Ah Joey, I don't think you get to pick the cities.

What?

Mr. Dickens gets to pick 'em.

Who?

I'll get you the Cliff Notes.

The what?

The abridgment.

Oh, okay. The what?

All right, I just got changed in thirty seconds so you can be alone with him. You'd better go for it.

Please, I'm not going for anything.

Well, if you don't, I will.

Would you please go?

Night Mon. Night Julio.

Adios.

Look Julio, someone left their book here.

Ah actually, that is mine.

Oh yeah, what are you reading?

Flowers of Evil, by Beaudalire. Have you read it?

Have I read it? No, are you enjoying it?

I thought I would, but the translation's no good.

Your a poet and don't know it.

Actually I ah, I am a poet.

Oh, then you do know it. So um what kind of things do you write about?

Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.

Mine? Right here?

I can write an epic poem about this lip.

How would that go? Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it.

You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, you've got to pick a pocket or two..........

Lovely, just lovely.

Really? Thanks.

Listen Joey, we definitely want to see you for the callback on Saturday.

Excellent, I'll be there.

Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your jazz shoes for the dance audition.

Ahhh! My ah, my agent said it wasn't a dancing part.

Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of cake.

Do you have the, the Ralph Lauren file?

Oh, yeah, sure, it's umm...

Wh-what's that?

It's from Ross, it's a love bug.

Wow! Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.

Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.

Ah, excuse me, are you Rachel Green?

Yes.

One, two, three...

Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.

Omm-pah, omm-pah, omm-pah.

And you know who will be there to support... you?! Your one and only boyfriend...

It's nice to have a boyfriend.

Your loyal loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!

I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!

All right Ross!! I get it!!

I mean my God...

You're hurt!

...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!

Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!

I would never do that!

Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.

Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.

Mark's a genius!

Why?! How?! How is he a genius?

Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.

What am I going to do?

Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.

I don't know you guys.

All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'

And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'

He paints quite a picture doesn't he?

Here's the Shelly Siegal stuff from December.

And wait, I've got something for you.

Mark!!

It's okay, Rachel knows.

Yeah, but even soo.

I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.

Ohhh! That is soo sweet!

Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.

All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!

What is going on?

What's going on?! That's what's going on!!

Ross!

I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! Hi Rach.

Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.

So, does that mean the audition is off?

Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.

What?!

Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!

It's ah, step-ity, step and jazz hands.

Have fun.

Bye.

Hey!

Hey.

What are you wrapping?

Oh-ho, look what I got Julio.

Yeah, it's a vase.

Yeah, just like the one in the poem.

Well not exactly like the one in the poem.

What do you mean?

Remember how you said you were really dense about poetry? Oh.

So! I'm just an empty vase, huh?

What?

Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm empty, I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of judgment about me.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

You don't even know me...

Whoa, whoa, whoa, the poem is not about you.

What?

The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.

I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...

No, it's about all women. Well, all American women. You feel better now?

Oh yeah.

All right, let's do it!

No, no, no. What was that?

I know, it was the best I could get out of them.

Well, people!

People, people, people.

Let's try it again, and this time let's watch everybody watch Joey. Show 'em how it's done. Count it off.

Is there a Julio here?

I am Julio.

Mister Pretensous, you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you work in a diner.

Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.

No one likes a buttmunch.

And your also bad in bedd-edd-edd!.

