So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....

I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he's Alan Alda.

Oh good, another dinosaur story. When are those gonna become extinct?

If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.

What does Rachel see in this guy? I love Rachel. I wish she was my wife.

Who's singing?

Hey. When you guys were kids and you played Happy Days, who were you? I was always Richie.

I was always Joanne.

Question. Was ah, 'Egg the Gellers!' the war cry of your neighbourhood?

Ewww! Oh! It's the Mattress King!

Booo!!

Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!

Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.

'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!

What a wank!

Oh, I cannot believe he's using our divorce to sell mattresses.

I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. And I'm appalled for you by the way.

I'm close. I'm cheap. I'm the king.

Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.

Not at these prices.

Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. Woo!

Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.

Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.

Hi Daddy!

This where they put it? What, there no table available in the kitchen! Hello, baby.

You remember Ross.

Um-hmm.

Nice to see you again Dr. Green.

So! How's the library?

Ugh, museum.

What happened to the library?

There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one.

You know what's really good here, the lobster. What do you say shall I just order three.

Yeah, if you're really hungry. It was a joke, I made a joke.

Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster.

What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.

It's not a library...

I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.

Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.

Hey, Mr. Trib.

Hey-hey.

Guess what, I got an audition!

Awww, one of my students got an audition. I'm so proud.

I was wondering if you would consider coaching me for it?

You bet! What's the part?

Oh it's great, it's a role on All My Children, Nick the boxer.

You had to do it, didn't you? You couldn't just leave it alone.

Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.

Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.

Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall.

Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?

I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?

Um. yeah.

I am soo dead.

All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.

Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.

Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.

Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'

Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?

Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.

Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!

Okay, okay, okay. I'll get the bagels.

What's this?

Isn't it cool! Varoom! Varoom!

This is not the bed I ordered!

I know, you must've won like a contest or something!

Phoebe!

Why is this car in my bedroom?

I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...

When did I sign for it?

When I was you! Y'know what, it's all Joey's fault, 'cause he left his nose open!

Did you make brownies today?

Knock, knock.

Quick, take off your dress, he won't notice the bed.

Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.

It's Monica's bed. What?

Okay. It's a racecar.

So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?

Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?

Sometimes I have bad dreams.

Look, I just saw my best friends brains smeared across the canvas, that's not gonna be me, not me.

Wow! That was good. That was... Tweezers?

No.

Whoa. That was really good.

Thanks, any suggestions?

You told him to play the boxer gay!!

Well, I-I might've said supergay.

You totally screwed him over.

Joey, you're this guy's teacher. I mean how could you do this?

Because, Monica, the guy's so good, and I really, really want this part.

Well, if you really, really want it, then it's okay.

Uh, may I help you?

Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.

Look, it's like I told you, there's nothing I can do. You signed for it, Monica Velula Geller.

All right, Jester man, look we wanna see the king.

Nobody sees the king!

Oh-ho-kay, I'm talking to the king.

Hey! You can't go back there!

Oh my God.

