What's so funny?

Oh, nothing, no. It's an acting exercise, I'm practising my fake laugh.

Oh.

What-what's so funny?

Oh, no-no, no-no-no, there's none of that in here.

Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.

Okay, but only if you give me a drag.

Okay.

Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.

No-no, why don't you hang on to that one.

Okay, that's like the least fun game ever.

Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.

Oh. Nope, that patch is no good.

Come on, it's a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn't smoked since.

Pffhah.

What's your problem?

Nothing, it's just that hypnosis is beyond crap.

Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.

Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.

Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.

All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.

Or what my Father called Thursday night.

And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.

Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.

Pete, can I get you something else?

Yeah, a slice of cheesecake and-and a date if you're given' 'em out.

Haven't you and I covered that topic?

Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you....

Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.

Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?

Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.

I mean really, think about it.

Ho-ho, I will.

No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!

Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?

No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!

Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.

But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.

Well, have-have you told him how you feel?

Yes. Not out loud.

Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.

Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.

No-no-no-no-no.

Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!

No.

Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.

So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.

Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I'm so glad you could come, 'cause I've got a real umm, Home Ec emergency.

Oh my God, who died on this?!

Yeah, I know. It's a real mustard-tastrophe. Can you help me?

Absolutely. Okay, first we'll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn't work we can go back to...

Y'know what, forget it. It's ruined.

Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.

Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.

Okay, that's great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.

Got it. Yeah all right. Yeah, okay.

You have a Miss Monica Geller here.

Uh, absolutely, yeah, sEnd her in. Hi.

What the hell is this?

Hang on a second. I'll-I'll talk to you in the morning. I'm sorry what?

Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?

Well, y'know, I never know how much to tip.

You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?

Umm, I'm still here.

You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.

What?!

Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.

Okay, umm, you're a loon.

Look, forget the check, okay. I like you. I think you're great. Come on, what do you say?

I don't know.

Why not?

'Cause I don't want to encourage this kind of behaviour.

One meal! That's all I'm asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don't have a good time, I give you ten grand, we call it even.

Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!

Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?

Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I'd curl up in it. Is that all right?

Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?

Oh, well just probably the worst one since I've been alive.

What umm, what happened?

Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.

Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?

Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.

Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?

Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!

Oh, sweetie, oh.

Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!

Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?

What?

Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.

Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?

Okay.

Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.

Okay, but.

Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...

Oh my God! The millionaire's here!

Oh my God!

Guys, please, I'm just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?

Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.

I know!!

Okay, then get the lobster!

Hey!

Hi.

Hi!!

Hey!

Hi!

Hey, how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?

And that's why, I'm not inviting you in for a drink. Bye.

Oh-no-no-no-no....

Just one drink?!

So, where do you want to go?

Hey, you like pizza?

Oh, that's sounds great.

I know a great little place.

You're, hey, you're not paying for the pizza!

Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?

Ahh, I'd throw another thousand on that.

Why, how much is that?

That's about 60 cents.

Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.

Hi Frank.

Hi, Mrs. Knight.

Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?

Yeah, but not just that.

Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less...

None the less.

None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.

That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .

