Eh..., I don't, I don't know.

What?

Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?

Rachel?

Yeah.

Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?

Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?

Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.

Eh, do you believe that?

Yeah?

So that's two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.

Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.

Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.

Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.

I was shrieking... like a Marine.

All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. Precision. and penache.

You broke a little girl's leg?!!

I know. I feel horrible. Okay.

Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were around ten-ish?

Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?

Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...

I'm gonna get back to retraining.

All right, see you guys.

Look out kids, he's coming!

And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.

Have fun. Oh wait, no, don't! I forgot I am totally against that now.

What? Me having a job?

No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?

Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.

Really?

Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.

...and after you've delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....

Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.

What if you put them here.

Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.

They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'

Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.

It's all right. Sweetheart.

So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.

Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.

Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?

Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.

I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.

No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.

Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?

The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.

Yeah.

So far, I've sold seventy-five.

Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. How much are the boxes?

Five dollars a box.

And what is second prize?

A ten speed bike. But, I'd rather have something my Dad couldn't sell.

Well, that makes sense.

Could you do me one favor, if it's not too much trouble?

Yeah, Sarah, anything.

Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley said she'd push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.

Yesss?

Hi, I'm selling Brown Bird cookies.

You're no Brown Bird, I can see you through my peephole.

No, hi, I'm, I'm an honorary Brown Bird

What does that mean?

Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I'm not invited to sleep-overs.

I can dial 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!

No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.

I'm pressing, a policeman is on his way.

Okay, okay! I'm going. I'm going.

I can still see you!

All right!!

Hey.

Hey. What, what are you doing here?

Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, oh, but oh...

Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....

Destiny.

Sure.

Yes.

All right.

Okay. Yikes! That one doesn't look very fulfilled.

Oh, that's, that's ah, one of the old ones, he's just taking it to the back.

You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.

Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.

So, what happens to the old guys?

Well, they go into the chipper.

Why, do I have a feeling that's not as happy as it sounds? No! Nooooo!!!

Hey! Hey!!

Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it's a little more money, but you get a nicer smell.

Looks good. I'll take it.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, you don't want that one. No, you can have this cool brown one.

It's-it's-it's almost dead!

Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey

Yeah, the ah, trees that don't fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.

I-I think I'm gonna look around a little bit more.

Pheebs, you gotta stop this, I working on commission here.

Hey, guys. I'm here to pick out my Christmas tree.

Well look no further, this one's yours! Ahhh.

Is this the one that I threw out last year?

All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional, I guess it's just the holidays, it's hard.

Oh honey, is that 'cause your Mom died around Christmas?

Oh, I wasn't even thinking about that.

Oh.

Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?

I'm not gonna tell you! You're the bad man who broke Sarah's leg.

Hey now! That was an accident, okay.

You're a big scrud.

What's a scrud?

Why don't you look in the mirror, scrud.

I don't have too. I can just look at you.

All right girls, and man. Let's see your final tallies. Ohhhh, Debbie, 321 boxes of cookies, Very nice.

Not nice enough.

Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.

Good for a scrud.

Oh, yes Elizabeth. Ah, 871.

That's crap!! Sister Brown Bird. Good going.

Who's next?

Hi there!

Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.

Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.

Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.

Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.

Hey! How'd the interview go?

Oh, I blew it. I wouldn't of even hired me.

Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you're gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job. That's not how that was supposed to come out.

This is the worst Christmas ever.

Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.

I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... swans.

That word was swans.

Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.

Oh! Oh my God!

Merry Christmas!!

You saved them! You guys! Oh God, you're the best!

It's like 'Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.'

Hello? Yeah, this is she. Oh! You're kidding! You're kidding! Oh thank you! I love you!

Sure, everybody loves a kidder.

I got the job!

That's great! Hey! Excellent!

Oh, God bless us, everyone.

I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!

Really Mr. Geller, you don't have to do this.

Oh come on! Here we go! Stand by for mission countdown!

Ten, ten.., nine, nine, nine...., eight, eight, eight... Okay, Blast off!

I'm an alien. I'm an alien.

Oh no! An asteroid!

