Oh my God! I can't believe my little brother is married!

Oh I know!!

You guys, why didn't you tell me you were eloping?

'Cause it just sorta happened, y'know we were at the courthouse, we were having lunch...

Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?

We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!

Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?

Uhh, yeah.

We've been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we'd get a jump on things, y'know no one's getting any younger.

See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.

And we've tried everything, we've seen a bunch of doctors.

Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.

That's a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.

It's open! Come in!

Hi!

Hi!

I'm sorry, I'm late.

Oh, that's okay, it gave me time to finish glazing my nipples.

Wow! You really go all out when you're expecting company.

No, I was working on my pottery.

Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didn't know that you did...pot.

Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and erotica.

Ooh, erotiery!

Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y'know...

Okay.

I really don't think it's a very good idea, Phoebe.

Why not?

Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,

Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.

No-no-no, the-the puppy's yours.

Oh, I get a puppy!!

Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.

Why?

I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.

Okay.

I mean, I know what I'm talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. I really shouldn't have given you the puppy first.

All right, I'm sorry.

Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I'm-I'm saving this for my friend Ross.

You mean Dr. Geller?

Doctor? Wow! I didn't know he had a nickname.

Oh, he won't sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.

Well, how-how come?

That's just the way it is.

That's crazy.

Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!

I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.

That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.

Op, this is saved. Gift shop.

Hey, uh, I'm really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.

It's no big deal. Hey, y'know, you do what you gotta do. Right?

But hey, it's not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.

Whatever.

It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?

I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.

Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow.

Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.

Dr. Geller, there's a seat over here.

Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.

I will sit with you Dr. Geller.

Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!

I'm Joey! I'm an actor! I don't know squat about dinosaurs!

I'm Ted, and I just moved here a month ago, and New York really scares me.

All right, there you go!

Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!

I'm Andrew, and I didn't pay for this pear.

Okay, good-good for you.

I'm Rhonda, and these aren't real!

Wow, Rhonda.

I'm Scott.

Yeah, okay, Scott!

And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.

Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?

It depends on who asked.

What if I asked?

Oh, Mon, sure.

Really?

Yes. You're not asking are you?

No.

Yes! Totally!

Oh! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! Thank you!

