So now, what is this now?

Guggly worm.

And this?

Glow-pop giggly jammer.

You make it so funny.

Hey umm, what's this?

Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.

Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.

That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"

Great!

You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.

Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?

Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.

What's Phase Two?

Gettin' drunk and going to a strip club.

How does going to a strip club help him better?

Because there are naked ladies there.

Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.

There are naked ladies there too.

Yeah.

Would you give me one minute!! Please.

Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I'm here! I'm here!

Calm down, we got time, we're running a little late.

Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip!

Yeah, we loves 'em. I've never seen him with-

Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad?

You.

Y'know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?

You?

No-no, it's uh, it's Heston.

What?

Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.

There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.

Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?

The one with "Heston" on it.

Interesting.

Okay, I've got some Ones, you wanna put them in her panties?

No thanks, Mom!

Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, 'cause I'm pregnant.

Well, maybe you and your baby should go to another strip club.

Ha-ha, it's not my baby, ha-ha-ha!

Very good, so good.

I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.

Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!

Come on! Look where you are!!

When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.

Remember, a virgin for me please.

Oh! And don't let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.

Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.

Well, if you think it will help.

No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice

You should! How is she?

Ohhh!!

I think somebody needs another lap dance.

Hello! Who's in there?

How ya doin'?

Who in the hell are you?

I guess you wouldn't believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?

Put some pants on kid so I can kick your butt.

No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I'm an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I'm doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.

You're in this picture?

Yeah-yeah, I'm one of the cops that won't work with you 'cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I'm really sorry, but I stink!

Joey, right?

Yeah.

Every actor at one time or another-opp! Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won't even watch himself.

Oh no-no-no, you don't understand...

Listen to me!

Oh yeah, yeah.

I don't know one actor worth his salt that didn't say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!

Yes sir! Yes sir, I'm-I'm-

Wait a minute! Take your pants.

Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Come on, let me see that smile.

I don't wanna.

Please?

I wanted to go to the strip club!

I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.

Yeah, all right.

Hey!

Hey!

Hey-ooh so, how was Vermont?

Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!

Oh, hey!

Hey! You were so right!

What?

Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.

Oh, hmm.

I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn't quite there. Y'know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy...

Joshua.

Joshua...guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda...y'know.

Yeah, I...

But now! I'm there! I'm totally there! I'm-I'm finally where you are!

Oh, thank goodness!

Yeah, and-and thank you for Emily.

Oh, no problem. I'm so glad I could help. Happy for you.

Happy for you.

No, happy for you!

All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"

I-I wanna be with her, I like her.

Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.

Wait, now, what am I doing again?

Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!

Hi, I'm Joshua, I'm here to pick up Rachel.

No-no-no, that' not Joshua.

What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!

